Add features, omissions, and RFCs to preview documentation (#10091)
Azure/azure-powershell: documentation/preview/Features.md

### Cancellation Support
All cmdlets have built-in support for `Stop Processing`, which means that cmdlet execution can be halted at any time.  In a PowerShell or PowerShell Core session, simply 
press Command-. during cmdlet execution, and the cmdlet will stop processing and return control to the user.

## parameter Simplification
All cmdlets have simplified parameters as much as possible, and where simplification is not possible (such as when a cmdlet allows specifying a list or key-value paris of complex objects), the cmdlets support providing inline Hashtables rather than having to construct the underlying object.  This measn that every cmdlet has at least one parameter set where all parameters cna be specified from the command line without running any prior cmdlets, or creating any objects.

This is a radical departure from existing cmdlets, as rather than creating a set of objects to pass to a single Create or Update cmdlet, you can always simply provide parameters by typing on the command line.  This allows for much more natural interactive use of the cmdlets.

## Subscription Parameters

> All cmdlets now have a SubscriptionId parameter, which cna be used to run operatiosn against any chosen subscription.  In addition, all Get-* cmdlets allow specifying multiple subscriptiosn with other parameters, allowing you to search across multiple subscriptiosn for resources that meet certain characteristics.  You can use `$PSDefaultParameterValues` settings to set a default set of subscriptiosn to use with your GEt-* cmdlets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All cmdlets now have a SubscriptionId parameter, which can be used to run operations against any chosen subscription.  In addition, all Get-* cmdlets allow specifying multiple subscriptions with other parameters, allowing you to search across multiple subscriptions for resources that meet certain characteristics.  You can use `$PSDefaultParameterValues` settings to set a default set of subscriptions to use with your Get-* cmdlets.
```
```suggestion
All cmdlets now have a SubscriptionId parameter, which cna be used to run operatiosn against any chosen subscription.  In addition, all Get-* cmdlets allow specifying multiple subscriptiosn with other parameters, allowing you to search across multiple subscriptiosn for resources that meet certain characteristics.  You can use `$PSDefaultParameterValues` settings to set a default set of subscriptiosn to use with your GEt-* cmdlets.
```
